Do you like to answer questions?
Do you spend most of your money for your pet?
Do you think your pet gradually looks similar to you?
Do you beat your pet?
Have your pet ever sleepwalked?
Do you think that your pet is cute?
Does your pet love flowers?
Do you talk to your pet everyday? 
Does your pet love the beach?
Does your pet love to listen to music?
Does your pet make you angry sometimes? 
Does your pet smoke weeds?
Does your pet run faster than you?
Is your pet nearsighted? 
Does your pet love to take a bath?
Can your pet be put into a jar? 
Does your pet love surfing?
Do you think your pet regard you as a servant?
Does your pet get along pretty well with other pets?
Do you take your pet outside?
Do you sing to your pet?
Is your pet well-mannered?
Do you like short-hair animal?
Do you always feed your pet on time?
Does your pet has a dream?
Does your pet ever want to eat you?
Can you bear that when your pet bothers you?
Do you tickle your pet? 
If your pet turns into human one day, would you want to date them? 
Does your pet love to go to a park?
Does your pet bark/meow?
Can your salary easily afford your pet?
Do you love your pet?
Does your pet attack other pets?
Does your pet love swimming?
Does your pet recognize its name when you call it?
Do you take your pet to your office or school?
Does your pet love sunshine?
Do you think sterilization is fair for pets?
Does your pet randomly poo?
Is your pet pregnant? 
Do you like long-hair animal? 
Is your pet introvert or extrovert?
Do you say goodnight to your pet before you go to sleep?
Have your pet mated before?
Do you kiss your pet?
Do you feel energized when your pet is around you?
Does your pet wear costumes?
Does your pet love can food?
Do you sleep with your pet next to you?
Have you ever wished that you and your pet can switch identity? 
Do you walk with your pet on leash?
Does your pet love watching TV?
Do you cuddle with your pet?
Do you pet different species of animals? 
Will you be distracted by your pet because your pets are too lovely?
Does your pet love money?
Is your pet afraid of you? 
Have your pet done a surgery before?
Is your pet smart?
Do you want to buy more pets?
Do you prefer big pets or small pets?
Do you train your pet to do interesting activities?
Are you a vegan(if choose yes, automatically signs the person out)
Does your pet chase other people around?
Does your pet love jungle?
Do you think about your pet when they are not with you?
Is your pet long hair?
Do you buy high quality food to your pet?
Can you bear your pet to date with other pets and make you lonely?